**Need for NEP**
Do we blame the students or the exam procedures for the rise of use of google search in online examination?
This is a major question that’s pertaining in the society, as we started with COVID-19 we also started with online classes. Schools and colleges had no other option than starting their classes online and thus leading us to new evaluation method that is online exams, but as we started with online exams we could see the blatant copying of the materials in the exams, which arises the question of why the students are doing so? What is making them do so? Who is to be blamed? The proctoring system, students, parents, teachers or the Indian education system?
As of to me I personally believe that this is the result of the cut throat benchmark that the Indian education system uses, we see that our education system has no other parameter which measures the intelligence of students than by just comparing their marks obtained. Well why do we need to measure the intelligence so that we can compare our child with *Sharmaji’s* child?  
Indian society has followed this ritual of comparing 92.5%to 92.97%, As soon as the result season approaches that is from mid-March to May-June   we can only look at one thing and that is the newspapers, hoardings, billboards, websites are overloaded with the toppers and the JEE and NEET results but no one looks at the poor soul who tried his best but still couldn’t excel, does that three hours define him and his excellence?
Not only do the parents but several other areas celebrate the success of few and creates unhealthy competition and stress for the rest; the only parameter of success is has become a major norm over the past few years. Recently my co-worker asked me this question of what is leading to such a scenario  and why are the students are copying and I could only think one answer that is if people considered real talent rather than just marks maybe students would refrain from cheating and measure their knowledge , but as we only have one measure and students are well aware of this they are trying to make best use of available resources be it ethical or non-ethical because when it comes to real talent no one is judging them for who they really are ….
However the New Education Policy is a is a remarkable move by Government which places emphasis on holistic learning rather than only one exam to determine students fate , students wont only be marked on their performance in examination but on different measures in different subjects , the report cards will no longer state  the rankings/comparison with respect to other children in class , this was very much needed in order to promote a safe supportive and opportunistic environment for students , the education system needs to understand that rather than focusing on one day learning and spilling up on paper students need to learn the core concepts for lifetime, it’s just not one day thing .
Now after the implementation of the NEP we need to look as how efficiently is it going to work because coming out of the regular method and adopting new method is going to be a herculean task because the teachers and the professionals need to be trained according to the program and if implementation turns out to be a successful one it is definitely propel our students to learn for life than just learning for their exams.
